edit-position-type.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Add/Edit Position Type
---


## Screen Description

The Edit Position Type page can be used to edit or delete an existing position type. Each instructor can have a position type defined. The user needs Position Type Edit permission to be able to edit position types. See [Position Types](position-types) page for more details.

![Edit Position Type](images/edit-position-type-1.png){:class='screenshot'}

## Details

Each position type has a reference, a name, and a number that is used for ordering position types. All fields are required and must be unique.

Only position types that are not being used can be deleted.

## Operations

Click **Save** to update the modified position type. Button **Back** will get you back to [Position Types](position-types) page without making any changes. Click **Delete** to delete the position type.

The buttons **Previous** and **Next** can be used to save the current position type and get to the Edit Position Type page for the previous / next position type.

Commit message:

Add/edit descriptions changed for all, still needs revision
other changes:
- "for more details" changed to "for more detail"
- he/she etc replaced with simpler alternatives
- other smaller grammar-based changes

edit-position-type.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Add/Edit Position Type
---


## Screen Description

The Add and Edit Position Type pages can be used to add, edit, or delete an existing position type. Each instructor can have a position type defined. The user needs Position Type Edit permission to be able to edit position types. See [Position Types](position-types) page for more detail.

![Edit Position Type](images/edit-position-type-1.png){:class='screenshot'}

## Details

Each position type has a reference, a name, and a number that is used for ordering position types. All fields are required and must be unique.

Only position types that are not being used can be deleted.

## Operations

Click **Save** to update the modified position type. Button **Back** will get you back to [Position Types](position-types) page without making any changes. Click **Delete** to delete the position type.

The buttons **Previous** and **Next** can be used to save the current position type and get to the Edit Position Type page for the previous / next position type.
