edit-examination-period.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Add/Edit Examination Period
---


## Screen Description

The Edit Examination Period screen provides interface for making changes to an existing examination period.

![Edit Examination Period](images/edit-examination-period-1.png){:class='screenshot'}

## Details

* **Type**
	* Type of the examination (Midterm, Final)

* **Date**
	* Examination date

* **Start Time**
	* Time when the examination should start

* **Length**
	* Duration of the examination (minutes)

* **Event Start Offset**
	* For how many minutes before the examination should the room be available for students to enter and sit down, or to prepare the room (re-arrange chairs etc.)

* **Event Stop Offset**
	* How many minutes after the examination should the room be available for the students to leave the room or to return the room to the state where it was before the examination

* **Preference**
	* Is it preferable in general to use this examination period? For example, some schools may discourage examinations on Saturdays (there are still examination periods on Saturday, but if possible, examinations are timetabled on other days)

## Operations

* **Update**
	* Save changes made to the examination period and go back to the [Examination Periods](examination-periods) screen

* **Delete**
	* Delete the examination period and go back to the [Examination Periods](examination-periods) screen

* **Back**
	* Go back to the [Examination Periods](examination-periods) screen without saving any changes

Commit message:

Add/edit descriptions changed for all, still needs revision
other changes:
- "for more details" changed to "for more detail"
- he/she etc replaced with simpler alternatives
- other smaller grammar-based changes

edit-examination-period.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Add/Edit Examination Period
---


## Screen Description

The Add and Edit Examination Period screens provide interfaces for adding a new examination period or editing an existing examination period.

![Edit Examination Period](images/edit-examination-period-1.png){:class='screenshot'}

## Details

* **Type**
	* Type of the examination (Midterm, Final)

* **Date**
	* Examination date

* **Start Time**
	* Time when the examination should start

* **Length**
	* Duration of the examination (minutes)

* **Event Start Offset**
	* For how many minutes before the examination should the room be available for students to enter and sit down, or to prepare the room (re-arrange chairs etc.)

* **Event Stop Offset**
	* How many minutes after the examination should the room be available for the students to leave the room or to return the room to the state where it was before the examination

* **Preference**
	* Is it preferable in general to use this examination period? For example, some schools may discourage examinations on Saturdays (there are still examination periods on Saturday, but if possible, examinations are timetabled on other days)

## Operations

* **Update**
	* Save changes made to the examination period and go back to the [Examination Periods](examination-periods) screen

* **Delete**
	* Delete the examination period and go back to the [Examination Periods](examination-periods) screen

* **Back**
	* Go back to the [Examination Periods](examination-periods) screen without saving any changes
